Added a warning if primary config is missing _self_ (#1756)
facebookresearch/hydra: website/versioned_docs/version-1.1/tutorials/structured_config/5_schema.md

- we override the package to `_here_` to ensure that the package of the schema is the same as the package 
  of the config it's validating.

### A Note about composition order
 By default, Hydra 1.1 appends `_self_` to the end of the Defaults List. 
This behavior is new in Hydra 1.1 and different from previous Hydra versions. As such Hydra 1.1  issues a warning if `_self_` is not specified **in the primary config**, asking you to add `_self_` and thus indicate the desired composition order.

> To address the warning, append `_self_` to the end of the Defaults List. Note that in some cases you may want to add `_self_` directly after the schema and before other Defaults List elements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To address the warning while maintaining the new behavior, append `_self_` to the end of the Defaults List. Note that in some cases it may instead be desirable to add `_self_` directly after the schema and before other Defaults List elements. 
```
